Add manage data section to Promscale (#678)
timescale/docs: promscale/manage-data/index.md

# Manage data in Promscale

> Promscale provides different methods to manage the data you store in Promscale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promscale provides different methods to manage the data, 
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Promscale provides different methods to manage your data,
```

> and help you reduce disk space and improve query performance.

Author: "reduce disk space" - shouldn't this be "reduce disk space usage"?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and help you reduce disk space use and improve query performance.
```

> and help you reduce disk space use and improve query performance.

Reviewer: Promscale provides different methods to manage the data, reduce disk space, and improve query performance.

> and help you reduce disk space use and improve query performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reduce disk space, and improve query performance.
```
